                           Rosetta-Engine-Native
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named
"Rosetta::Engine::Native"; see the file lib/Rosetta/Engine/Native.pm for
the main documentation, which is in POD format, plus the Dependencies and
Copyright.  The distribution also includes a Changes file to say what
changes already happened, and a TODO file to say what changes have yet to
happen.  Read below for how to get support or keep up to date.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/", on the
page called "Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge of development, I
have all parts of this "Rosetta-Engine-Native" distribution in one or more
public Subversion repositories.  The code base is available in 2 parallel
versions at "http://svn.openfoundry.org/pugs/ext/Rosetta-Engine-Native/"
(Perl 6) and at "http://svn.utsl.gen.nz/trunk/Rosetta-Engine-Native/" (Perl
5).

You can download slightly older versions of all of my modules from the
public CPAN archives at "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
on my own web server at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is at
"http://search.cpan.org", and my own DUNCAND author page is at
"http://search.cpan.org/search?author=DUNCAND".

You can download my oldest tarred and gzipped distributions from BACKPAN,
at "http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my
web server, at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/archives/", right back
to the libdwg 1.0, first released on 2000 July 23.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists,
newsgroups, or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things
out on your own, or another person whom you know has used this.  I may
start a mailing list for support issues later, so that users of my modules
can help each other with them.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
